Added Intros to REST APIs Pages (#7955)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/markdown.md

---
title: Markdown

> intro: 'The Markdown API enables you to render a markdown document as an HTML page or raw text'

Reviewer: Sorry - my error.

```suggestion
intro: 'The Markdown API enables you to render a markdown document as an HTML page or as raw text.'
```
